feat(docs): extend helm charts doc to include step-by-step guide (#43)
kestra-io/helm-charts: README.md

* The official Kestra documentation can be found under: [kestra.io](https://kestra.io)
* Deployment on Kubernetes documentation can be found [here](https://kestra.io/docs/administrator-guide/deployment/kubernetes/)

## Install the chart

> Use the following commands to insatll the chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following commands to install the chart:
```

```bash
helm repo add kestra https://helm.kestra.io/
helm install kestra kestra/kestra
```

> By default, the chart will only deploy one standalone Kestra service with one replica. This means that all Kestra server components will be deployed within a single pod. You can change that default behavior and deploy each service independently using the following [Helm chart values](https://github.com/kestra-io/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/kestra/values.yaml):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the chart will only deploy one standalone Kestra service with one replica. This means that all Kestra server components will be deployed within a single pod. You can change that default behavior and deploy each service independently using the following [Helm chart values](https://github.com/kestra-io/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/kestra/values.yaml):
```

```yaml
deployments:
  webserver:
    enabled: true
  executor:
    enabled: true
  indexer:
    enabled: true
  scheduler:
    enabled: true
  worker:
    enabled: true
  standalone:
    enabled: false
```

The chart can also deploy the following related services:

* A Kafka cluster and Zookeeper using `kafka.enabled: true`
* An Elasticsearch cluster using `elasticsearch.enabled: true`
* A MinIO standalone using `minio.enabled: true`
* A PostgreSQL using `postgresql.enabled: true`

## Configuration

Here is how you can adjust the Kestra configuration:

* Using a Kubernetes `ConfigMap` via the `configuration` Helm value.
* Using a Kubernetes `Secret` via the `secrets` Helm value.

Both must be valid YAML that will be merged as the Kestra configuration file.

Here is an example showing how to enable Kafka as the queue implementation and configure its `bootstrap.servers` property using a secret:

```yaml
configuration:
  kestra:
    queue:
      type: kafka

secrets:
  kestra:
    kafka:
      client:
        properties:
          bootstrap.servers: "localhost:9092"
```

> ## Docker in Docker (DinD) Worker side car
> 
> By default, Docker in Docker (DinD) is installed on the worker in the `rootless` version. This can be restricted on some environment due to security limitations.
> 
> Some solutions you may try:
> 
> * On Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), use a node pool based on `UBUNTU_CONTAINERD` that works well with Docker DinD, even rootless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker in Docker (DinD) Worker sidecar

By default, Docker in Docker (DinD) is installed on the worker in the `rootless` version. This can be restricted in some environments due to security limitations. Here is how:

* On Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), use a node pool based on `UBUNTU_CONTAINERD` that works well with Docker DinD, even rootless
```

> The chart can also deploy the following related services:
> 
> * A Kafka cluster and Zookeeper using `kafka.enabled: true`
> * An Elasticsearch cluster using `elasticsearch.enabled: true`
> * A MinIO standalone using `minio.enabled: true`
> * A PostgreSQL using `postgresql.enabled: true`
> 
> ## Configuration
> 
> Here is how you can adjust the Kestra configuration:
> 
> * Using a Kubernetes `ConfigMap` via the `configuration` Helm value.
> * Using a Kubernetes `Secret` via the `secrets` Helm value.
> 
> Both must be valid YAML that will be merged as the Kestra configuration file.
> 
> Here is an example showing how to enable Kafka as the queue implementation and configure its `bootstrap.servers` property using a secret:
> 
> ```yaml
> configuration:
>   kestra:
>     queue:
>       type: kafka
> 
> secrets:
>   kestra:
>     kafka:
>       client:
>         properties:
>           bootstrap.servers: "localhost:9092"
> ```
> 
> ## Docker in Docker (DinD) Worker side car
> 
> By default, Docker in Docker (DinD) is installed on the worker in the `rootless` version. This can be restricted on some environment due to security limitations.
> 
> Some solutions you may try:
> 
> * On Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), use a node pool based on `UBUNTU_CONTAINERD` that works well with Docker DinD, even rootless
> * Some Kubernetes clusters support only a root version of DinD; to make your Kestra deployment work, [disable the rootless version](https://github.com/kestra-io/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/kestra/values.yaml#L102-L106) using the following Helm chart values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chart can also deploy the following related services:

* A Kafka cluster and Zookeeper using `kafka.enabled: true`
* An Elasticsearch cluster using `elasticsearch.enabled: true`
* A MinIO standalone using `minio.enabled: true`
* A PostgreSQL using `postgresql.enabled: true`

## Configuration

Here is how you can adjust the Kestra configuration:

* Using a Kubernetes `ConfigMap` via the `configuration` Helm value.
* Using a Kubernetes `Secret` via the `secrets` Helm value.

Both must be valid YAML that will be merged as the Kestra configuration file.

Here is an example showing how to enable Kafka as the queue implementation and configure its `bootstrap.servers` property using a secret:

```yaml
configuration:
  kestra:
    queue:
      type: kafka

secrets:
  kestra:
    kafka:
      client:
        properties:
          bootstrap.servers: "localhost:9092"
```

## Docker in Docker (DinD) Worker sidecar

By default, Docker in Docker (DinD) is installed on the worker in the `rootless` version. This can be restricted in some environments due to security limitations. Here is how:

* On Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), use a node pool based on `UBUNTU_CONTAINERD` that works well with Docker DinD, even rootless
* Some Kubernetes clusters support only a root version of DinD; to make your Kestra deployment work, [disable the rootless version](https://github.com/kestra-io/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/kestra/values.yaml#L102-L106) using the following Helm chart values:
```
